README.md, before:

# .NET Conf Focus on AI

Here you can find content for the .NET Conf Focus on AI event.  Take a look in the [Technical folder](Technical) for the collection of slides from this event

You can find the primary demo, the eShop sample, from the event at:  [https://github.com/dotnet/eShopSupport](https://github.com/dotnet/eShopSupport)


## Session Content

| Session | Content |
| --- | --- |
| State of .NET and AI | |
| Get started incorporating AI into your .NET applications and services | |
| Better Together: .NET Aspire and Semantic Kernel | [Slides](Technical/BetterTogether_SemanticKernel.pptx) |
| Build interactive AI-powered web apps with Blazor and .NET | [Slides](Technical/Blazor%20and%20AI.pptx) |
| Navigating the World of AI Models in .NET: From Local Development to the Cloud | [Slides](Technical/Bruno%20-%20From%20Local%20Development%20to%20the%20Cloud.pptx) |
| OpenAI and Azure OpenAI: A .NET SDK Convergence Story | [Slides](Technical/open-ai-for-dotnet-sdk.pptx) |
| Agents: Patterns and Practices for Automating Business Workflows | [Slides](Technical/agents-dotnetconf-draft.pptx) |
| RAG on your data with .NET, AI and Azure SQL | [Slides](Technical/RAG%20on%20your%20data%20with%20.NET%2C%20AI%20and%20Azure%20SQL.pptx) |
| Building Generative AI apps with your data in Azure Cosmos DB  | [Slides](Technical/Vector%20Search%20RAG%20with%20Azure%20Cosmos%20DB.pptx) |
| Integrating Semantic Search Capabilities with .NET and Azure : Milvus Vector Database | [Slides](Technical/MilvusVectorDatabase_Integrating%20Semantic%20Search%20Capabilities%20with%20.NET%20and%20Azure.pptx) |
| H&R Block: Lessons Learnt from applying Generative AI to apps with .NET and Azure | [Slides](Technical/Lessons%20Learnt%20from%20applying%20Generative%20AI%20to%20apps%20with%20.NET%20and%20Azure.pptx) |
| Add generative AI capabilities to your .NET Web app for Azure App Service | [Slides](Technical/Add%20generative%20AI%20capabilities%20to%20your%20.NET%20Web%20app%20for%20Azure%20App%20Service.pptx) |
| Observing AI applications from Dev to Production with .NET Aspire | |
| Infuse AI in your Windows apps with Windows Copilot Runtime and .NET | [Slides](Technical/Infuse%20AI%20in%20your%20Apps%20with%20Windows%20Copilot%20Runtime%20and%20.NET.pptx) |
| Build your own copilot with Teams AI library and .NET | [Slides](Technical/Build%20your%20own%20copilot%20with%20Teams%20AI%20lib.pptx) |

Commit message:

Adding a link to session recordings

README.md, after:

# .NET Conf Focus on AI
.NET Conf Focus on AI 2024 is a wrap! Check out [recordings of the full event on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0btB9W04y0Q&list=PLdo4fOcmZ0oX7Yg1cixIj6hXjz9C5MHJR).

Here you can find content for the .NET Conf Focus on AI event.  Take a look in the [Technical folder](Technical) for the collection of slides from this event

You can find the primary demo, the eShop sample, from the event at:  [https://github.com/dotnet/eShopSupport](https://github.com/dotnet/eShopSupport)


## Session Content

| Session | Content |
| --- | --- |
| State of .NET and AI | |
| Get started incorporating AI into your .NET applications and services | |
| Better Together: .NET Aspire and Semantic Kernel | [Slides](Technical/BetterTogether_SemanticKernel.pptx) |
| Build interactive AI-powered web apps with Blazor and .NET | [Slides](Technical/Blazor%20and%20AI.pptx) |
| Navigating the World of AI Models in .NET: From Local Development to the Cloud | [Slides](Technical/Bruno%20-%20From%20Local%20Development%20to%20the%20Cloud.pptx) |
| OpenAI and Azure OpenAI: A .NET SDK Convergence Story | [Slides](Technical/open-ai-for-dotnet-sdk.pptx) |
| Agents: Patterns and Practices for Automating Business Workflows | [Slides](Technical/agents-dotnetconf-draft.pptx) |
| RAG on your data with .NET, AI and Azure SQL | [Slides](Technical/RAG%20on%20your%20data%20with%20.NET%2C%20AI%20and%20Azure%20SQL.pptx) |
| Building Generative AI apps with your data in Azure Cosmos DB  | [Slides](Technical/Vector%20Search%20RAG%20with%20Azure%20Cosmos%20DB.pptx) |
| Integrating Semantic Search Capabilities with .NET and Azure : Milvus Vector Database | [Slides](Technical/MilvusVectorDatabase_Integrating%20Semantic%20Search%20Capabilities%20with%20.NET%20and%20Azure.pptx) |
| H&R Block: Lessons Learnt from applying Generative AI to apps with .NET and Azure | [Slides](Technical/Lessons%20Learnt%20from%20applying%20Generative%20AI%20to%20apps%20with%20.NET%20and%20Azure.pptx) |
| Add generative AI capabilities to your .NET Web app for Azure App Service | [Slides](Technical/Add%20generative%20AI%20capabilities%20to%20your%20.NET%20Web%20app%20for%20Azure%20App%20Service.pptx) |
| Observing AI applications from Dev to Production with .NET Aspire | |
| Infuse AI in your Windows apps with Windows Copilot Runtime and .NET | [Slides](Technical/Infuse%20AI%20in%20your%20Apps%20with%20Windows%20Copilot%20Runtime%20and%20.NET.pptx) |
| Build your own copilot with Teams AI library and .NET | [Slides](Technical/Build%20your%20own%20copilot%20with%20Teams%20AI%20lib.pptx) |
